PAN SEARED CHICKEN W/COCONUT CURRY BROTHY RICE aka my latest hyper fixation meal and it is easy to make! You simply pan sear chicken thighs and then make the most flavorful coconut curry broth that gets poured directly over warm rice, for the ultimate comfort food experience. All I have to say is that you must—MUST—make this and report back because it is amazing. ⁣ ⁣ SAVE this post, SHARE with friends, and FOLLOW me @kalejunkie for more!!⁣ ⁣ Makes 4 servings⁣ For the chicken:⁣ 2 tsp avocado oil⁣ 4 boneless, skinless chicken thighs⁣ Salt & pepper⁣ 1/4 cup chicken broth⁣ ⁣ For the broth:⁣ 2 tsp avocado oil⁣ 2 tsp ginger, grated or ginger paste⁣ 3 cloves garlic, minced⁣ 2-3 tb red curry paste (depending on your spice preference)⁣ 1 tb Better than Bouillon ⁣ 3/4 cup chicken broth⁣ 1 14 oz can full fat coconut milk⁣ 1 tsp fish sauce⁣ 1 lime, juiced⁣ ⁣ 2 cups cooked jasmine rice (to save time, I buy frozen and then microwave it!)⁣ 2 green onions, sliced⁣ 2 tb cilantro, chopped, for garnish⁣ 2 tsp chili oil for garish (optional) - I used @flybyjing which has peanuts in it :)⁣ Additional lime wedges⁣ ⁣ Pat chicken dry with paper towels and season with salt and pepper. Heat oil in a large skillet over medium heat. Add chicken thighs to the skillet. Cook for 5-7 minutes without moving (VERY IMPORTANT), and then flip only when the chicken easily releases on its own. Cook for 7-10 minutes more. Pour in the chicken broth to deglaze the bottom and sides of pan with the crispy browned bits until they're no longer sticking to the pan. Remove from heat and let chicken cool on a cutting board before slicing. Next, make the sauce. In a saucepan over medium heat, add the avocado oil. Once hot, add the ginger and garlic, stirring for one minute, then adding in the curry, bouillon and broth. Stir for another 2 minutes then add in the coconut milk, fish sauce and lime. Cover, reduce heat to low and let simmer for 5 minutes. Make rice your preferred way. Assemble your bowls with rice on the bottom, 1 sliced chicken breast, and a generous pour of the broth on top. Garnish with green onions, cilantro and chili oil. Serve with lime wedges. ENJOY!⁣ #brothyrice
